At Start of Jam:
  ✔ make new git repo @done(21-03-31 06:32)
  ☐ make itch game page stub
  ✔ Pick a name @done(21-03-31 19:38)
    ravager
    plunderer
    marauder
    pillager
    looter
    raider
    *freebooter*
Enhance The Maze:
  ☐ locked doors
    this leads to keys as an item
    are they pickable?
  ☐ secret/hidden doors
    how do we search for them?
  ☐ false doors
  ☐ trapped doors
    can we detect and disarm these traps?
  ☐ instadeath rooms
    because fairness is overrated
  ☐ different wall materials
  ☐ different floor materials
  ☐ different ceiling materials
  ☐ different lighting conditions
    this leads to torches, lanterns, etc
  ☐ stairs/ladders/holes up and down
Controls:
  ☐ move back
  ☐ mouse based controls for moving and turning(stretch)
  ☐ remappable keys(default WASD + Arrows)
Vital Statistics:
  ☐ health
    leads to health potions
    can die from wounds
  ☐ hunger
    leads to food
    can starve, i.e. lose health
  ☐ attack strength
    leads to weapons
  ☐ defense strength
    leads to armor
  ☐ perception?
    to detect traps, secret doors, etc
  ☐ dexterity
    for disarming traps
Items:
  ☐ keys
  ☐ torches
  ☐ weapons
  ☐ armor
  ☐ food
  ☐ lock picks
Containers:
  ☐ chest
    might be trapped!
To Complete Required Features for Jam:
  ✔ "Essentially modeless" with a fixed 3D perspective. @done(21-03-31 18:57)
    (The game must have first-person exploration at all times. Exceptions are point to point overworld map movement (fast travel), combat screens or town screens.)
  ✔ An initially unknown explorable map. (i.e. a map of the dungeon level) @done(21-04-01 05:53)
    (The game must have explorable locations. It doesn't have to be a dungeon in the traditional sense. It can be urban environments, outdoors, spaceship interiors, planetary surfaces etc. Whichever environment the game has it must be viewed and explored in first-person.)
  ✔ Entities occupy the entire tile, and only one tile at a time. @done(21-04-01 05:53)
    (The game must have instant step movement on a grid. Smooth transition between grid squares is allowed. Half-steps or dividing the square into smaller squares is not accepted.)
  ✔ The grid is 2D/3D made from squares/cubes. @done(21-03-31 19:33)
    (The game must have 90 degree turns in the cardinal directions, North, East, South, West. Smooth transition between 90 degree angles is allowed. Mouse-look is also allowed. Games which let you turn 90 degrees up and down are also allowed.)
  ✔ First Person POV. @done(21-03-31 19:34)
    (The game must have a player controlled character (or party of characters), or the abstraction of a character or persona.)
  ☐ Resource management and vital statistics.
    (The game must at the very least have some basic stats. (Minimum a single health/power bar))
  ☐ Failure end state. @started(21-04-02 03:47)
    (The game must have a death/perish condition, or some other end-of-game mechanic.)
  ☐ A way of replenishing resources and vital statistics.
    (The game must have at least one way to affect character stat(s). Examples are resting, potions, items with bonuses, food, water, powerups etc.)
  ☐ Decisions by which risking resources can gain other resources.
    (The game must have combat or a similar mechanic for determining outcome of certain situations, enemy encounters and events.)
  ✔ No offensive themes @done(21-04-01 07:08)
     (Any theme is allowed, but keep it decent and safe for work)

